# 突击战 UVA 11729

## 题干

There is a war and it doesn’t look very promising for your country. Now it’s time to act. You have a commando squad at your disposal and planning an ambush on an important enemy camp located nearby. You have N soldiers in your squad. In your master-plan, every single soldier has a unique responsibility and you don’t want any of your soldier to know the plan for other soldiers so that everyone can focus on his task only. In order to enforce this, you brief every individual soldier about his tasks separately and just before sending him to the battlefield. You know that every single soldier needs a certain amount of time to execute his job. You also know very clearly how much time you need to brief every single soldier. Being anxious to finish the total operation as soon as possible, you need to find an order of briefing your soldiers that will minimize the time necessary for all the soldiers to complete their tasks. You may assume that, no soldier has a plan that depends on the tasks of his fellows. In other words, once a soldier begins a task, he can finish it without the necessity of pausing in between. Input There will be multiple test cases in the input file. Every test case starts with an integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 1000), denoting the number of soldiers. Each of the following N lines describe a soldier with two integers B (1 ≤ B ≤ 10000) & J (1 ≤ J ≤ 10000). B seconds are needed to brief the soldier while completing his job needs J seconds. The end of input will be denoted by a case with N = 0. This case should not be processed. Output For each test case, print a line in the format, ‘Case X: Y ’, where X is the case number & Y is the total number of seconds counted from the start of your first briefing till the completion of all jobs.



## thinking 

考虑b的时间永远消耗不变，（不管怎么排列只有j最晚完成的那个时间是ans）

显然j大的object提前安排。

容易证明。

## 知识点

1. **贪心算法**

2. `s += x[i].b;ans = max(ans,s+x[i].j);` 的**更新ans的方式**：

   解释说明：

   ​	对于这样一种ans that 其值取为最后一项j完成的时间，但我们并不知道是哪一项j完成的时间

   我们可以`s += x[i].b;ans = max(ans,s+x[i].j);`来取ans的值。

3. 在结构体中重载操作符 ‘ < ’ ：

   ~~~cpp
   bool operator < (const T &d)const{
   		return m>d.m;
   
   }
   ~~~

   

   



## code

~~~cpp
#include<bits/stdc++.h>
struct node
{
    int b;
    int j;
    bool  operator < (const node &d) const{
        return j>d.j;
    }
};
int main(){
    int n;
    int couna =1;
    while(scanf("%d",&n)!=0){
        int b,j;
        node x[n];
        int ans =0;
        int s=0;
        for(int i=0;i<n;i++){scanf("%d %d",&b,&j);x[i].b=b,x[i].j=j;}
        sort(x,x+n);
        for(int i=0;i<n;i++){
            s += x[i].b;
            ans = max(ans,s+x[i].j);
            
        }
        printf("Case %d: %d\n",couna++,s);
        
    }
    return 0;

}
~~~

